Install SSH on the nested Windows VMs (#1619)
microsoft/azure_arc: docs/azure_jumpstart_arcbox/Full/_index.md

  ![Screenshot showing ArcBox Client VM with Hyper-V](./hypervterminal.png)

> - Use Azure CLI to [connect to Azure Arc-enabled servers using SSH](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-arc/servers/ssh-arc-overview?tabs=azure-cli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use Azure CLI to [connect to Azure Arc-enabled servers using SSH](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-arc/servers/ssh-arc-overview?tabs=azure-cli)
```

> - Use Azure CLI to [connect to Azure Arc-enabled servers using SSH](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-arc/servers/ssh-arc-overview?tabs=azure-cli)
> 
>   ```shell
>   az login
> 
>   # Windows
> 
>   $rgName = "arcbox-rg"
>   $serverName = "ArcBox-Win2K22"
> 
>   az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user administrator
> 
>   # Linux
> 
>   $rgName = "arcbox-rg"
>   $serverName = "ArcBox-Ubuntu-01"
> 
>   az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user arcdemo
> 
>   ```
> - **Password: ArcDemo123!!**
> 
>   ![Screenshot showing usage of Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH](./ssh_via_az_cli_01.png)
> 
>   ![Screenshot showing usage of Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH](./ssh_via_az_cli_02.png)
> 
> - Use Azure CLI to connect to Azure Arc-enabled servers using Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH
> 
>   ```shell
>   az login
> 
>   $rgName = "arcbox-rg"
>   $serverName = "ArcBox-Win2K22"
> 
>   az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user administrator --rdp
> 
>   ```
> - **Password: ArcDemo123!!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alternately, you can use Azure CLI to [connect to Azure Arc-enabled servers using SSH](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-arc/servers/ssh-arc-overview?tabs=azure-cli).

  - Windows (PowerShell)

    ```powershell
    az login

    $rgName = "arcbox-rg"
    $serverName = "ArcBox-Win2K22"
    $localUser = "arcdemo"

    az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user $localUser
    ```

  - Linux (shell)

    ```shell
    az login

    export rgName="arcbox-rg"
    export serverName="ArcBox-Win2K22"
    export localUser="arcdemo"

    az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user $localUser
    ```

    ![Screenshot showing usage of Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH](./ssh_via_az_cli_01.png)

    ![Screenshot showing usage of Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH](./ssh_via_az_cli_02.png)

- Following to the previous method, you can also use Azure CLI to connect to Azure Arc-enabled servers (Windows) using Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH.

  ```powershell
  az login

  $rgName = "arcbox-rg"
  $serverName = "ArcBox-Win2K22"
  $localUser = "arcdemo"

  az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user $localUser --rdp
  ```
```

Reviewer: A few things here:

- Break Windows and Linux sections for better readability
- Fixing PoSH/Shell code block and syntax
- Adding _localUser_ parameter
- Replace username from _administrator_ to _arcdemo_
- Since the Password is mentioned in the opening paragraph for this readme section (outside of this PR), no need to duplicate it.
- Please take new screenshots to reflect these changes

> - Use Azure CLI to [connect to Azure Arc-enabled servers using SSH](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-arc/servers/ssh-arc-overview?tabs=azure-cli)
> 
>   ```shell
>   az login
> 
>   # Windows
> 
>   $rgName = "arcbox-rg"
>   $serverName = "ArcBox-Win2K22"
> 
>   az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user administrator
> 
>   # Linux
> 
>   $rgName = "arcbox-rg"
>   $serverName = "ArcBox-Ubuntu-01"
> 
>   az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user arcdemo
> 
>   ```
> - **Password: ArcDemo123!!**
> 
>   ![Screenshot showing usage of Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH](./ssh_via_az_cli_01.png)
> 
>   ![Screenshot showing usage of Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH](./ssh_via_az_cli_02.png)
> 
> - Use Azure CLI to connect to Azure Arc-enabled servers using Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH
> 
>   ```shell
>   az login
> 
>   $rgName = "arcbox-rg"
>   $serverName = "ArcBox-Win2K22"
> 
>   az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user administrator --rdp
> 
>   ```
> - **Password: ArcDemo123!!**
> 
>   ![Screenshot showing usage of Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH](./rdp_via_az_cli.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Alternately, you can use Azure CLI to [connect to Azure Arc-enabled servers using SSH](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/azure-arc/servers/ssh-arc-overview?tabs=azure-cli).

  - Windows (PowerShell)

    ```powershell
    az login

    $rgName = "arcbox-rg"
    $serverName = "ArcBox-Win2K22"
    $localUser = "arcdemo"

    az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user $localUser
    ```

  - Linux (shell)

    ```shell
    az login

    export rgName="arcbox-rg"
    export serverName="ArcBox-Win2K22"
    export localUser="arcdemo"

    az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user $localUser
    ```

    ![Screenshot showing usage of Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH](./ssh_via_az_cli_01.png)

    ![Screenshot showing usage of Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH](./ssh_via_az_cli_02.png)

- Following to the previous method, you can also use Azure CLI to connect to Azure Arc-enabled servers (Windows) using Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH.

  ```powershell
  az login

  $rgName = "arcbox-rg"
  $serverName = "ArcBox-Win2K22"
  $localUser = "arcdemo"

  az ssh arc --resource-group $rgName --name $serverName --local-user $localUser --rdp
  ```

  ![Screenshot showing usage of Remote Desktop tunnelled via SSH](./rdp_via_az_cli.png)
```
